IMP: ANCOM -> ANCOM-BC tutorial updates (#569)
qiime2/docs: source/tutorials/moving-pictures.rst

     --p-where "[body-site]='gut'" \
     --o-filtered-table gut-table.qza

> ANCOM-BC operates on a FeatureTable[Frequency] QIIME 2 artifact. We can run ANCOM-BC on the subject column to determine what features differ in abundance across the gut samples of the two subjects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ANCOM-BC operates on a FeatureTable[Frequency] QIIME 2 artifact. We can run ANCOM-BC on the subject column to determine what features differ in abundance across gut samples of the two subjects.
```

.. command-block::
   qiime composition ancombc \
     --i-table gut-table.qza \
     --m-metadata-file sample-metadata.tsv \

>      --p-formula 'subject' \

Reviewer: Could you address why you dont need an intercept?

Reviewer: I see its addressed alittle later but it think it would be good to explain that it is alphabetical

Author: good call, i'll include that after the first function command block!

     --p-level 6 \
     --o-collapsed-table gut-table-l6.qza

   qiime composition ancombc \
     --i-table gut-table-l6.qza \
     --m-metadata-file sample-metadata.tsv \
     --p-formula 'subject' \
     --o-differentials l6-ancombc-subject.qza

   qiime composition da-barplot \
     --i-data l6-ancombc-subject.qza \
     --p-significance-threshold 0.001 \
     --p-level-delimiter ';' \
     --o-visualization l6-da-barplot-subject.qzv

.. question::
   1. Which genera is most enriched? Which is most depleted?
   2. Do we see more differentially abundant features in the ``da-barplot-subject.qzv`` visualization, or in the ``l6-da-barplot-subject.qzv`` visualization? Why?

.. g__Parabacteroides (enriched), g__Paraprevotella (depleted)

> .. We see more in the original vs. the collapsed table, which is reasonable since we are collapsing at L6 and thus losing some resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. We see more differential abundant features in the original compared the collapsed table, which is reasonable since we are collapsing at the genus level and thus losing some resolution. However, collapsing at level 6 may allow us to investigate patterns that aren't present when looking at ASVs
```
